DOC: Added templates for different types of issues. (#17227)
numpy/numpy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation.md

---
name: "Documentation"

> about: Report an issue related to the NumPy documentation

Reviewer: Can we make this auto-add the documentation label(s)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Report an issue related to the NumPy documentation
labels: 04 - Documentation
```
should do the trick

Author: Great idea, thanks!

---
name: "Documentation"
about: Report an issue related to the NumPy documentation
labels: 04 - Documentation

---

## Documentation

> <!-- If this is an issue with the current documentation for NumPy (i.e.
> incomplete/innacurate docstring, unclear explanation in any part of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- If this is an issue with the current documentation for NumPy (e.g.
incomplete/inaccurate docstring, unclear explanation in any part of the
```

Author: Thanks!

> referring to. -->

Reviewer: We should also tell people to check the corresponding devdocs page (https://numpy.org/devdocs/) too, in case they are looking at an old url

<!-- If this is an idea or a request for content, please describe as clearly as
possible what topics you think are missing from the current documentation. Make
sure to check https://github.com/numpy/numpy-tutorials and see if this issue
might be more appropriate there. -->

> <!-- If this is about the content in https://numpy.org, please open an issue at

Reviewer: This is going to confuse users looking at a url like `https://numpy.org/devdocs/reference/generated/numpy.ndindex.html`

Reviewer 3: I think we should leave this one out for now. It would be easy enough to mark such issues with a label and/or move them to that repo.

Author: I agree. Do you think there's a way to make it clearer to differentiate between those sources, or should I just remove this line entirely?
